
Document:System Requirement Specification Document

Title:System Reqruiement Spefication for Management Portal(UMMEED)

Team:
	Direct Users, Indirect User,Architect, Business Analyst
	Quality Assurance Team,
	System Analyst

Objective (Purpose):
	The UMMEED online Portal is designed  for providing financial and non financial support to the orphans ,
        here various NGO's and citizens can use this portal to lend their support to orphans.


Scope:
	Child can see his/her status regarding financial support availablity monthly and yearwise.
	User can donate with identification and without identification(anonymous donation) .
	In non-financial support User with NGO can become mentor in the life of a child and provide guidance to him/her and 	
	can also donate other items useful for the child.

Requirements:

Functional Requirements:
			In Administration,an admin will be registerd into portal ,an id will be generated for each admin.
		Only admin can register child after full documentation and verification from NGO.Any issues regarding registration 
		and any miscellanous problems regarding child record will be handled by admin.After registration children will be
		provided with child id and password to view its record.
		
		Orphan Child will have to come along with guardian carrying full documentation to the nearest NGO's centre to verify 
		its eligibility to get registered and avail the benefits of the financial and non financial support.After Registration to
		to the portal ,respective child will be provided with unique child id and password to view its record .In child ,record will 
		be having unique id, name ,guardian name,address,monthly payment ,child age.
		
		Be a friend concept is unique to this portal,where anyone can make an impact into child's life by contributing their time to
		become a mentor in his/her life.We will be providing NGO's address and contact no ,where volunteer has to be registerd with 
		NGO to be part of activities conducted in nearby instituion which will includes orphans ,volunteers of NGO's.
		
		Financial support include monetary donations(donation link) from anonymous and non-anonymous donators.Records of non Anonymous donations
		will be maintained by the portal.Records will include its name,contact no ,emailid and amount donated.

		Non financial support include any kind of donation which can be items useful for a child like books,clothing,bedding,stationaries
		and any items useful .	
		
		Visitors can see objective's of this portal and read about portal	 
		 
			
               
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------	
	
NonFunctional Requirement:

	Security
		Registered Customer will allowed to place an order.	
		Each stakeholder will be to access system  through authentication process. Who are you ?
		System will provide access to  the content , operations using Role based security (Authorization) (Permissions based on Role)
		Using SSL in all transactions  which will be performed stakeholder. It would protect confidential information shared by system to 
		stake holder of Shared by stakeholder to system.
		System will automatically log of  all stakeholder after some time due to inactiveness.
		System will block operations for inactive  stakeholder and would redirect for authentication.
		System  will internally maintain secure communiction channel between Servers ( Web Servers, App Servers, databse Server)
		Sensitive data will be always encrypted across communcation.
		User proper firewall to protect servers from out side fishing, velnerable attacks.


	Reliability
		The system will backup child data on regular basis and recover in short time duration to keep system 		operational.
		Continous updates are maintained , continous Adminstration is done to keep system operational.
		During peak hours system will maintain same user experience by managing load balancing .

	Availability
		 uptime:   24* 7  available
		 
	
	Maintainability:
		A Commercial database software will be used to maintain System data Persistence.
		A readymade Web Server will be installed to host online portal (Web Site) to manage server capabilities.
		IT operations team will easily monitor and configure System using Adminstrative tools provided by Servers.
		Separate enviornment will be maintained for system for isolation in  production, testing, and development.

	Portablility:
			PDA: Portable Device Application
		  System will provide portable User Interface ( HTML, CSS, JS) through  users will be able to access online 			 portal.
		  System can be deployed to single server, multi server, to any OS, Cloud (Azure or AWS or GCP)

	Accessibility:
		Only registered child and admin will be able to  see details after authentication.
		Admin can register and approve  child identification requests  based on documentation provided.
		Registered child  will be able to view  monthly, annual child support availability through customized dashboard.
		Admin will be able to see List of childen and child details and can solve any issue regarding financial and non financial 		support.

	Durability:
		  
		  System will implement backup and recovery for retaining child data, operation data  over time.

	Efficiency:
		 Maximum number of users  will be able donate,admin can view no of donation same response time.
		System will be able to manage all transactions with isolation.

	Modularity:
		 System will designed and developed using reusable, independent or dependent business senarios in the form 		of modules.
		 These modules will be loosely coupled and highly cohesive.
		 System will contain Donation link(anonymous and non-anonymous) ,Be A Friend link,Admin login ,child login 		 contact details, purpose of project and to view records of donation.  
		 
	
	Scalability:
		System will be able  to  provide  consistent user exeprience to stake holder as well as vistors irrespective 		of load.

	Safety:
		
		online portal will be secure from malicious attack, fishing.
		online  portal will be always kept updated with latest anit virus software.
		data will be backed up periodically to ensure safty of data using increamental back up strategy.
		Role based security will be applied for Application data and operations accessibility.
				


	Use Case Diagram:  ( UML)
		Object Oriented Analyis and Design Notation: UML--------Unified Modeling language		Design Phase:

			Use case diagram
			Activity diagram
			State Transition diagram
			Class diagram
			deployment diagram
			object diagram
	


Analysis:
	Actors:
		visitors
		child
		Admin team
		Anonymous donators
		Non anonymous donators
		
		
	  identify essential characteristics of online portal
		we have identified use cases

		1.Child  use case
		2.Admin  use case
		3.Donation Processing use case
		4.non financial(donation) use case


 Tables:

		mySQL Database 
		
                .Child Status
                          Child_id, Child_name ,Child_payment,Date_of_payment_Delivered
                .User
                         User_name,User_Password,User_Role
            
                .ViewDonators
                         Name_of_Donator,Donated_Amount,Donator_Phone_Number



REST API
		1.ProductCatalog API
		2.CustomerReleationship API
		3.Orders API
		4.Payment Rest API
		5.Membership REST API
					register
					Validate
					Changepassword
		6.ShoppingCart API
				GetAll
				AddtoCart
				RemoveFromCart
				GetItemDetails 

	
		





























